right this is my 2003 sam says you see
180 kit pro muscle is erratic I'd link
and then engine lights keeps popping up
on the dashboards so I have a law
diagnostic reader here for the DTC
course and that's going to look and see
what it says
pour this in to make sure that the
engine has been switched off
again I got this on Amazon I was only
about 12 UK pounds you falutin are you
can see that top DCT are one you can see
what that is
menu yes I want to point that show me
that go one fold key 0 1 4 1 4 1 of 1
alright well I already looked that up
thanks to the internet and and all that
is the real under sensor so the next job
is to whip it out I'm putting you on it
she'll just shoes and on this card is
only one bunk because it's only a single
side but it's to lambda sentences the
pre and post are upstream in the
downstream and this is the upstream
water that wants absolutely fine arm
again new era cords on that one when I
open comes with its the downstream which
is the car jacked up enormous stuns and
I've got them
clear off underneath let's see where
okay see that's the old valve old ass
and so since I'm going to trace
that wire a long way there and I'm going
to disconnect it it's not just unclip
them the end of the way up and this
looks like a fairly straightforward job
unscrew that screwing you want in jobs
are good however I'm expecting this to
be really tight from all the things I've
tried before but squid wd-40 - pincher
influence one get some in there and
let's go get it off pantry would give it
a second and enough to get me spotless
well that's absolutely amaze me it's
come off quite freely see that didn't
punch in food I'll show you what I've
got here what I've used underneath it
off better little special socket here
it's often snowshoe well as the old
since in C&C it's fun fairly bad state
that black mr. president I was reading
it hey but somebody used to get it out
please look after things but sunny be
the kind of thing was going to use satin
pound by works he's got that sensor
break the bar
Just Cause it subtended the broken bar
you can see dessert square it's just a
little excited I'll just on you and
village right okay I hold off on you on
it I tried to share that difference
between you do it all on the cleaner
this is the one I'll just do my thing
see it's black this is my new one young
it's nice and clean it's also already
filled the anti-seizure compound already
round the bottom so I'm going to do now
is pop back onto that car get this
buttoned in get it connected and see how
we go she just one last thing to show
you and when I talked that sensor on a
give a certain affair 50 Newton meters
imagine it was again just using my sock
that I got torque wrench extender bar in
there as long as you keep it at 90
degrees so you're not lengthening the
bar the talk will be fine